feat: update xSushi price feed aip (#285)
aave/aip: content/aips/XSUSHI_PRICE_FEED_SWAP.md

---
title: Update xSushi price feed on Aave V2
author: BGD Labs (@bgdlabs)
shortDescription: Swap xSushi price feed on Aave V2 pool on Mainnet
discussions: TBA
created: 2023-02-10
---

## Simple Summary

> This proposal changes the current price feed for xSushi to ChainLink's oracle for Aave V2 on Mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal changes the current price feed for xSushi (adapter) to a Chainlink calculated oracle, on Aave V2 Ethereum.
```

## Motivation

> Currently, the custom [price feed](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9b26214bEC078E68a394AaEbfbffF406Ce14893F) is used for xSushi, which calculates the price based on `SUSHI / ETH` oracle and `SUSHI / xSUSHI` ratio on-chain. It would be way more effective in terms of technical support and gas cost to use the [feed](https://etherscan.io/address/0xF05D9B6C08757EAcb1fbec18e36A1B7566a13DEB) deployed by Chainlink, which does this calculations off-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, a custom [price feed](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9b26214bEC078E68a394AaEbfbffF406Ce14893F) is used for xSushi, which calculates the price based on `SUSHI / ETH` oracle and `SUSHI / xSUSHI` ratio on-chain. It is more effective in terms of technical support and gas cost to use the [feed](https://etherscan.io/address/0xF05D9B6C08757EAcb1fbec18e36A1B7566a13DEB) deployed by Chainlink, which does this calculations off-chain. In addition, any risk of on-chain manipulation, even if not applicable at the moment with the asset not enabled for borrowing, gets removed.
```

## Specification

Upon execution the proposal will:

- call `ORACLE.setAssetSources(0x8798249c2E607446EfB7Ad49eC89dD1865Ff4272, 0xF05D9B6C08757EAcb1fbec18e36A1B7566a13DEB)` to replace the price source for xSushi

## Security and additional considerations

> We applied the following security procedures for this upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have extra assurances on the feed swap, we did the following:
```

- **Historical Feeds Comparison**: Comparing the answers from the current feed with the new one for the last year with a 2-hour step gave the following results:
  - 24.88% of results differ for less than 0.1%
  - 55.63% have between 0.1% and 1% difference
  - 19.49% is between 1% and 2%

> 

Reviewer: You can add that that deviations are quite solid consider the specific deviation % of the feed
